Patient : Name , Name Acct.# : Medical_Record_Number MR # : Medical_Record_Number
D.O.B : Date Date of Date Location : Location Visit :
Dictated Date 8 : 17 P Transcribed Date 9 : 45
: : P CLINIC NOTE DIAGNOSES :
1. Lymphoplasmacytoid lymphoma involving bone marrow and spleen diagnosed initially in Date , associated with progressively increasing IgG kappa paraprotein .
2. Compression fractures of the spine secondary to lymphoma .
In the past , it has been associated with significant back pain .
He is status post three kyphoplasties .
The first in Date and two in Date .
The first procedure was complicated by acute hemoglobin decrease for which he was hospitalized .
Hemorrhagic pericardial effusion was diagnosed and drained .
It was not malignant .
He received 5 units of red cells at that time .
2. Extended hospitalization in Date .
Then he was admitted for significant back pain and then developed Salmonella sepsis with necrotizing fasciitis of right gastrocnemius , which required debridement .
He had a residual ulcer on the medial malleolus of the right ankle , which is now fully healed .
He has required several hospitalizations for recurrent cellulitis of right leg and most recently in Date .
During the prolonged hospitalization in Date , he had respiratory arrest requiring prolonged intubation and renal dialysis .
3. Bilateral DVT with right leg DVT in Date .
He finished 6 - month course of Coumadin after initially being treated with Lovenox .
4. Psoriasis , which is quiescent .
5. Hypertension .
6. Hypothyroidism .
7. Chronic renal insufficiency , which is multifactorial .
CURRENT THERAPY :
1 .
He is on thalidomide 200 mg once daily for 2 weeks on and 2 weeks off .
He also takes prednisone 5 mg twice daily .
2. Pamidronate 90 mg intravenously once a month .
3 .
He has been on Velcade two weeks out of each month with reduced dosing schedule of 1 mg / m2 once a week .
It was then discontinued secondary to neuropathy .
It should be noted that did not respond to Velcade and thalidomide .
PAST CHEMOTHERAPY :
1 .
He has received 6 cycles of Rituxan plus CVP completed in Date .
2. Maintenance Rituxan completed in Date .
3. Revlimid , which was discontinued secondary to skin rash .
4. Fludarabine in Date , which rendered him profoundly pancytopenic .
ADDITIONAL MEDICATIONS : MS Contin 15 mg p.o. b.i.d. , MSIR 30 mg every 4 hours for breakthrough pain .
Cartia XT , doxazosin , Protonix , Lasix , Levoxyl , multivitamins and Neurontin 200 mg b.i.d.
He received his refills for MS Contin and MSIR today .
INTERIM HISTORY : Mr .
Name returns for followup of his lymphoma .
He recently sustained a fall secondary to slipping on ice .
He hurt his lower back and has moderate , 4 / 10 back pain .
He is currently on MS Contin and MSIR with relief of his symptoms .
He continues to have neuropathy from Velcade , which is relieved with Neurontin 200 mg p.o. b.i.d.
He also has constipation and is taking Colace 100 mg p.o. b.i.d. with relief of symptoms .
He is also being followed by endocrinology for weight gain .
He has low testosterone levels and has been started on replacement over the last 10 days .
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS : He denies any history of fevers , night sweats , chills , headache or visual blurring .
He denies any chest pain , cough , dyspnea , orthopnea and no peripheral edema .
He denies any abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting .
He has constipation .
He denies any episodes of diarrhea , bright red blood per rectum or melena .
He has significant peripheral neuropathy secondary to Velcade and is on Neurontin .
FAMILY HISTORY : Acute leukemia in his father .
His father also had bladder cancer .
He has one sibling who is not HLA match .
He has no family history of lymphoma or multiple myeloma .
His ECOG performance status is 1 , which is unchanged .
He is limited due to back pain and cannot stand for prolonged periods of time .
He , however , lives independently and is independent with all ADLs .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
GENERAL : He is alert and oriented x3 .
VITAL SIGNS : Stable .
Temperature 98.3 , pulse 72 , blood pressure 140 / 90 , respiratory rate 16 and weight is 117 kilograms .
No cervical , supraclavicular or axillary lymphadenopathy .
LUNGS : Clear to auscultation bilaterally .
CARDIOVASCULAR : S1 , S2 present , no murmurs .
ABDOMEN : Soft , nontender and nondistended .
Good bowel sounds .
No hepatosplenomegaly is palpable .
EXTREMITIES : There is 2+ peripheral edema .
He is wearing compression stocking on the right leg .
NEUROLOGICAL : Nonfocal .
His gait is abnormal secondary to pain .
LABORATORY DATA : WBC 3.7 , hemoglobin 12.4 , hematocrit 36.2 , platelet count is 143 , 000 , BUN is 22 , creatinine is 1.35 , calcium is 9.4 , kappa 328.39 , lambda light chain 1.46 , ratio 224.92 , IgG 3580 , which has increased from before .
ASSESSMENT AND PLAN : Mr .
Name is a 53 - year - old male with lymphoplasmacytoid lymphoma that is acting more like multiple myeloma and affecting his bones .
His disease is currently stable .
He was better controlled on Velcade , but developed significant peripheral neuropathy .
He is getting better with Neurontin .
The patient is worried about losing his long - term disability .
He is unable to stand for prolonged period of time and would like to return to work but is unable to .
He will continue to receive Zometa once monthly .
He will continue on thalidomide 100 mg once daily , 2 weeks on and 2 weeks off .
He will also continue prednisone 5 mg twice daily .
He will follow up with Dr .
Name at Hospital .
He is not a transplant candidate because his disease is minimally responsive to chemotherapy .
He would be a good candidate for clinical trials .
He will follow up with us in 1 month .
I saw and evaluated the patient .
I discussed the case with the fellow and agree with the findings and plan as documented in the fellow's note .
Reviewed Name Name , MD Date 16 : 26 E - Signed By Name Name Name , MD Date 18 : 49
____________________________ Name Name Name , MD Patient evaluated by and note dictated by : Name Name , MD
Medical_Record_Number cc : Name Name , MD
